emptyPageDiagnsticsShouldOnlyControlLogging (#37199)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed an issue where `emptyPageDiagnosticsEnabled` is being overriden with different meaning - this causes empty page diagnostics being logged (with INFO level) when they shouldn't - See [PR 37199](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/37199)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `emptyPageDiagnosticsEnabled` in `CosmosQueryRequestOptions` was being overridden. This caused empty page diagnostics to be logged (with INFO level) even when the flag was set to false - See [PR 37199](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/37199)
```
